[KED-2962] Export run data as CSV (#757)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: RELEASE.md

- Include the ID number for the related PR (or PRs) in parentheses
-->

## Major features and improvements

> - Set up of a pop-up reminder to remind users to upgrade Kedro-Viz when a new version is released. (#746)
> - Set up the 'export run' button to allow exporting of selected run data into a csv file for download. (#746)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up a pop-up reminder to nudge users to upgrade Kedro-Viz when a new version is released. (#746)
- Set up the 'export run' button to allow exporting of selected run data into a CSV file for download. (#757)
```
